c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchedngoService\SchedngoService\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchedngoService\SchedngoService\bin\SchedngoService.dll.config
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchedngoService\SchedngoService\bin\SchedngoService.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchedngoService\SchedngoService\bin\SchedngoService.pdb
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchedngoService\SchedngoService\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchedngoService\SchedngoService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchedngoService\SchedngoService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchedngoService\SchedngoService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchedngoService\SchedngoService\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchedngoService\SchedngoService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchedngoService\SchedngoService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchedngoService\SchedngoService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchedngoService\SchedngoService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchedngoService\SchedngoService\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchedngoService\SchedngoService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchedngoService\SchedngoService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchedngoService\SchedngoService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchedngoService\SchedngoService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchedngoService\SchedngoService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchedngoService\SchedngoService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchedngoService\SchedngoService\obj\Debug\SchedngoService.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchedngoService\SchedngoService\obj\Debug\SchedngoService.pdb
C:\Users\Sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchedngoService\SchedngoService\obj\Debug\SchedngoService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
